Update energy-efficent-framework.md (#320)
Green-Software-Foundation/patterns: docs/catalog/ai/energy-efficent-framework.md

Typically, AI/ML frameworks built on languages like C/C++ are more energy efficient than those built on other programming languages.

> Following provides an interesting view on a [normalized analysis regarding languages and their energy footprint(https://sites.google.com/view/energy-efficiency-languages/results?authuser=0)].

Reviewer: Can you fix the incorrect URL linking here(] at the end)?

> Following provides an interesting view on a [normalized analysis regarding languages and their energy footprint(https://sites.google.com/view/energy-efficiency-languages/results?authuser=0)].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Following provides an interesting view on a [normalized analysis regarding languages and their energy footprint](https://sites.google.com/view/energy-efficiency-languages/results?authuser=0).
```

> Take into accoutn that in the Cloud for example the processing time of non CPU intensive applications is mostly spent idling because of the strong interservice dependencies that are network related (In other words a request through the network is typically 10000+ times slower than a CPU operation). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the cloud, the processing time for non-CPU-intensive applications is often spent idling due to strong inter-service dependencies that are network-related. In other words, a request over the network is typically more than 10,000 times slower than a CPU operation.
```

> Libraries like TensorFlow or PyTorch allow to leverage GPUs easily that would have a different consumption scheme compared to CPUs, TPU for TensorFlow typically outperform as well CPUs: All these points need to be properly analyzed before selecting a language that might bring drawbacks in terms of staffing skilled people.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Libraries like TensorFlow or PyTorch allow easy GPU utilization, which has a different consumption pattern compared to CPUs. TPUs (Tensor Processing Units) in TensorFlow typically outperform CPUs. All these points need proper analysis before selecting a language, as it may impact staffing skilled personnel.
```
